docs/prerequisites.md, before:

## Prerequisites

You need to have the following software/modules/applications installed on your computer.

Note: Windows users, please remember to alway make sure that during installation, if asked, mark option to also update environment variables.

- Get GitHub account: https://github.com/
- Install GitHub Desktop: https://desktop.github.com/ and Git Command Line: https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Getting-Started-Installing-Git
- Install Node.js (4.x version) and NPM (3.3.10 version):  
 - Install Node and NPM through package available on https://nodejs.org/en/download/ (by default 2.x version of NPM will be installed)
 - Upgrade NPM by calling the following in the terminal window: `npm install npm@3.3.10 -g`. You might need admin permissions to run this command. For unix you will have to prefix the call with `sudo`
 - Now go to your terminal and call:
   - `node -v` to make sure you installed Node version 4.x
    - `npm -v` to make sure you installed NPM version 3.3.10
- Install some nice text editor like [Atom](https://atom.io/) or [Sublime Text](https://www.sublimetext.com/)
- Install Python (only for Windows) available in: https://www.python.org/downloads/ (any 2 or 3 version)

Commit message:

DPOR-1737 - Language review
Suggesting a numbered list because the instruction "Now, go to your terminal ..." suggests for the first time that there is an order to the list of install items.

docs/prerequisites.md, after:

## Prerequisites

You must have the following software, modules, and applications installed on your computer.

<b>Windows users</b>: During installation, if asked, select the option to also update environment variables.

1. Get a GitHub account: https://github.com/
2. Install GitHub Desktop: https://desktop.github.com/ and Git Command Line: https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Getting-Started-Installing-Git
3. Install Node.js (4.x version) and NPM (3.3.10 version):  
  - Install Node and NPM through the package available on https://nodejs.org/en/download/ (By default, the 2.x version of NPM installs.)
  - Upgrade NPM by calling the following in the terminal window: `npm install npm@3.3.10 -g`. You might need admin permissions to run this command. For Unix, prefix the call with `sudo`
4. Now, go to your terminal and call:
  - `node -v` to make sure you installed Node version 4.x
  - `npm -v` to make sure you installed NPM version 3.3.10
5. Install a text editor such as [Atom](https://atom.io/) or [Sublime Text](https://www.sublimetext.com/)
6. Install Python (only for Windows), available at: https://www.python.org/downloads/ (any 2 or 3 version)
